reference/tools/download: update br-related docs (#1729)
pingcap/docs: v3.1/how-to/maintain/backup-and-restore/br.md

The structure of the request:

```
BackupRequest{
    ClusterId,      // The cluster ID.
    StartKey,       // The starting key of the backup (backed up).
    EndKey,         // The ending key of the backup (not backed up).
    EndVersion,     // The backup snapshot time.
    StorageBackend, // The path where backup files are stored.
    RateLimit,      // Backup speed (MB/s).
    Concurrency,    // The number of threads for the backup operation ("4" by default).
}
```

After receiving the backup request, the TiKV node traverses all Region leaders on the node to find the Regions that overlap with the KV ranges in this request. The TiKV node backs up some or all of the data within the range, and generates the corresponding SST file.

After finishing backing up the data of the corresponding Region, the TiKV node returns the metadata to BR. BR collects the metadata and stores it in the `backupmeta` file which is used for restoration.

If checksum is enabled when you execute the backup command, BR calculates the checksum of each backed up table for data check.

#### Types of backup files

> There are two types of backup files generated in the path where backup files are stored:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two types of backup files are generated in the path where backup files are stored:
```

> - **The SST file** stores the data that the TiKV node backed up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **The SST file**: stores the data that the TiKV node backed up.
```

> - **The `backupmeta` file** stores the metadata of this backup operation, including the number, the key range, the size, and the Hash (sha256) value of the backup files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **The `backupmeta` file**: stores the metadata of this backup operation, including the number, the key range, the size, and the Hash (sha256) value of the backup files.
```

> #### The name format of the SST file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The naming format of the SST file
```

The SST file is named in the format of `storeID_regionID_regionEpoch_keyHash_cf`, where

- `storeID` is the TiKV node ID;
- `regionID` is the Region ID;
- `regionEpoch` is the version number of the Region;

> - `keyHash` is the Hash (sha256) value of Range `startKey` which ensures uniqueness;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `keyHash` is the Hash (sha256) value of the startKey of a range, which ensures uniqueness of a key;
```

Backup & Restore (BR) is a command-line tool for distributed backup and restoration of the TiDB cluster data. Compared with [`mydumper`/`loader`](/v3.1/how-to/maintain/backup-and-restore/mydumper-loader.md), BR is more suitable for scenarios of huge data volume. This document describes the BR command line, detailed use examples, best practices, restrictions, and introduces the implementation principles of BR.

## Usage restrictions

- BR only supports TiDB v3.1 and later versions.
- Currently, TiDB does not support backing up and restoring partitioned tables.
- Currently, you can perform restoration only on new clusters.

> - Multiple backup operations are recommended to be executed serially, otherwise different backup operations might interfere with each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is recommended that you execute multiple backup operations serially. Otherwise, different backup operations might interfere with each other.
```

    EndKey:       endKey,      // The ending key of the backup (not backed up).
    StartVersion: backupTS,    // The backup snapshot time.
    ...
    Path:         path,        // The path where backup files are stored.
    RateLimit:    rateLimit,   // Backup speed (MB/s).
    Concurrency:  concurrency, // The number of threads for the backup operation ("4" by default).
}
```

After receiving the backup request, the TiKV node traverses all Region leaders on the node to find the Regions that overlap with the KV ranges in this request. The TiKV node backs up some or all of the data within the range, and generates the corresponding SST file.

After finishing backing up the data of the corresponding Region, the TiKV node returns the metadata to BR. BR collects the metadata and stores it in the `backupMeta` file which is used for restoration.

If checksum is enabled when you execute the backup command, BR calculates the checksum of each backed up table for data check.

#### Types of backup files

There are two types of backup files generated in the path where backup files are stored:

- **The SST file** stores the data that the TiKV node backed up.

> - **The `backupMeta` file** stores the metadata of this backup operation, including the number, key range, size, and Hash (sha256) value for the backup files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **The `backupMeta` file** stores the metadata of this backup operation, including the number, the key range, the size, and the Hash (sha256) value of the backup files.
```

#### The name format of the SST file

The SST file is named in the format of `storeID_regionID_regionEpoch_keyHash_cf`, where

> - **storeID** is the TiKV node ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `storeID` is the TiKV node ID;
```

> - **regionID** is the Region ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `regionID` is the Region ID;
```

> - **regionEpoch** is the version number of Region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `regionEpoch` is the version number of the Region;
```

> - **keyHash** is the Hash (sha256) value of Range' `startKey` which ensures uniqueness

Reviewer: The uniqueness of what? It is not clear.
```suggestion
- `keyHash` is the Hash (sha256) value of Range `startKey` which ensures uniqueness;
```

> - **cf** suggests the [Column Family](/v3.1/reference/performance/tune-tikv.md#tune-tikv-performance) of RocksDB (`default` or `write` by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cf` indicates the [Column Family](/v3.1/reference/performance/tune-tikv.md#tune-tikv-performance) of RocksDB (`default` or `write` by default).
```

Each of the above three sub-commands might still include the following three sub-commands to specify the scope of an operation:

* `full`: used to back up or restore all the cluster data.

> * `db`: used to backup or restore the specified database of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `db`: used to back up or restore the specified database of the cluster.
```
